32339 svg text firsts (#32467)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/_doublecolon_first-line/index.md

### Result

{{EmbedLiveSample('styling_first_line_of_a_paragraph', 350, 130)}}

### Styling the first line of a SVG text element

> In order to make the {{SVGElement("text")}} element be multiple lines you need to use {{cssxref("white-space", "", "#multiple_lines_in_svg_text_element")}} CSS property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we style the first line of an SVG {{SVGElement("text")}} element using the `::first-line` pseudo-element.
```
moving the white space property mention to the css section

> **Note:** At time of writing this feature has [limited support](#browser_compatibility).

#### HTML

```html-nolint
<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="320" height="150" viewBox="0 0 320 150" version="1.1">

>   <text dy="1rem">Here is an English paragraph

Reviewer: dy can be removed.

that is broken into multiple lines
in the source code so that it can
be more easily read and edited
in a text editor.
  </text>
</svg>
```

#### CSS

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In order to make the SVG `<text>` element wrap to multiple lines, we use the {{cssxref("white-space", "", "#multiple_lines_in_svg_text_element")}} CSS property. We then select the first line using the `::first-line` pseudo-element.

```
